Make bitenum's non-exhaustive Result type return the proper type (#47)
danlehmann/bitfield: bitbybit/CHANGELOG.md

- Support for signed arbitrary-int integers as field types, e.g. `i3`, `i24`, etc.

### Fixed

> - Breaking change: bitenum's new_with_raw_value, when used with an arbitrary-int type used to return the next larger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Breaking change: bitenum's new_with_raw_value, when used with an arbitrary-int type previously would return the next larger
```

minor readability nit
